they told you everything was waiting for
you I told you everything was set in
stone
thank you oh no where's the caramel who
are you you don't work here you just
keep plugging away haircut boy don't
mind me
hey there aren't you a bell for the head
cheerleader at ever after high what are
you doing working I'm not working see I
just snuck in here to snoop around get
some info you catch my drift but why oh
you know only because my mom is the dark
fairy the one who wasn't invited to
Sleeping Beauty's big birth bash so she
cursed the horse we paid to slit 400
years
what I just want to fulfill my destiny
is the baddest fairy of them all so how
about it handsome Linda gorilla hand
handsome oh no I would delight and
assisting you in your quest family oh
hey there little fella
an invitation I wonder who it's from you
ashlynn Ella you and a guest are
cordially invited to the blue moon
forest fest tonight the forest fest
that's like the most exclusive party
ever you can't even find it without an
invitation
it says I get to invite someone do you
want to go of course but then you multi
hikes Peter opens tonight and I promised
they'd see a movie with Gary but it
should be easy finding someone I mean
who wouldn't kill to be your plus-one to
the Blue Moon looks like it's time to
crash the biggest party ever after
one large coffee thing with caramel
stuff and some whip whatever on the
house and would you know it always been
my biggest dream to go to a florist fast
oh well I was hoping I could girl wait
if you're here
I wanted to pick me up not a knock me
over
you
they told you everything was waiting for
you I told you everything was set in
stone